Load Dataset from the Hub (NO DATASET SCRIPT) (#2662)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/loading_datasets.rst

For example you can load a subset of the **C4 dataset for language modeling**, hosted by AllenAI on the Hub.
You can browse the dataset repository at https://huggingface.co/datasets/allenai/c4

In the following example we specify which subset of the files to use with the ``data_files`` parameter:

.. code-block::

    >>> from datasets import load_dataset
    >>> c4_subset = load_dataset('allenai/c4', data_files='en/c4-train.0000*-of-01024.json.gz')

It will use all the files that match the pattern passed in ``data_files``.
If you don't specify which data files to use, it will use all the data files (here all C4 is about 13TB of data).

.. _loading-from-local-files:

From local or remote files
-----------------------------------------------------------

It's also possible to create a dataset from your own local or remote files.

Generic loading scripts are provided for:

- CSV files (with the :obj:`csv` script),
- JSON files (with the :obj:`json` script),
- text files (read as a line-by-line dataset with the :obj:`text` script),
- parquet files (with the :obj:`parquet` script).
- pandas pickled dataframe (with the :obj:`pandas` script).

> If you want to control better how your files are loaded, or if you have a file format exactly reproducing the file format for one of the datasets provided on the `Hugging Face Hub <https://huggingface.co/datasets>`__, it can be more flexible and simpler to create **your own loading script**, from scratch or by adapting one of the provided loading scripts. In this case, please go check the :doc:`add_dataset` chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want more fine-grained control on how your files are loaded or if you have a file format that matches the format for one of the datasets provided on the `Hugging Face Hub <https://huggingface.co/datasets>`__, it can be more  simpler to create **your own loading script**, from scratch or by adapting one of the provided loading scripts. In this case, please go check the :doc:`add_dataset` section.
```

    >>> dataset = load_dataset('csv', data_files=['my_file_1.csv', 'my_file_2.csv', 'my_file_3.csv'])
    >>> dataset = load_dataset('csv', data_files={'train': ['my_train_file_1.csv', 'my_train_file_2.csv'],
                                                  'test': 'my_test_file.csv'})

>     >>> base_url = 'https://huggingface.co/datasets/lhoestq/demo1/resolve/main/data/'

Reviewer: really nice to see an explicit example with the expected url!

    >>> from datasets import load_dataset
    >>> dataset = load_dataset('csv', data_files=['my_file_1.csv', 'my_file_2.csv'])

You can also provide the URLs of remote csv files:

.. code-block::

    >>> from datasets import load_dataset

>     >>> dataset = load_dataset('csv', data_files="https://huggingface.co/datasets/lhoestq/demo1/resolve/main/data/train.csv")

Reviewer: i'm not sure where we should mention this, but showing that you can download from private repos with `use_auth_token=True` would be useful

Author: I added a note at https://github.com/huggingface/datasets/blob/01f53281b267a1020bbb3b2ecaa0848f376897e8/docs/source/loading_datasets.rst#from-local-or-remote-files

Loading datasets offline
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Each dataset builder (e.g. "squad") is a python script that is downloaded and cached either from the 🤗 Datasets GitHub repository or from the `Hugging Face Hub <https://huggingface.co/datasets>`__.

Reviewer: turbo nit:

```suggestion
Each dataset builder (e.g. "squad") is a Python script that is downloaded and cached either from the 🤗 Datasets GitHub repository or from the `Hugging Face Hub <https://huggingface.co/datasets>`__.
```
